[MUSIC PLAYING]
SURMA: One of the
most useful tricks
when working with animations
on the web is will-change.
If you animate an
element, the element
will be rendered onto a
separate layer for the duration
of the animation.
But sometimes, you want
that layer to stick around,
because you know that you
are going to start animating
the element again very soon.
That is what will-change is for.
Semantically, will-change
tells the browser
that certain CSS
properties of an element
are very likely to change.
So if you set will-change
transform on an element,
you are telling the browser
that the transform property
will-change.
See?
Most browsers react to
this by putting an element
onto its own layer, as
you can see if you enable
layer borders in DevTools.
So whenever you run into
a [? janky ?] animation
on the web, it's
worth remembering
to only animate
transform and capacity
and to set will-change.
See you next time.
Have you heard about
async/await, function hoisting,
CSS Grid, or maybe
even [INAUDIBLE] loops?
If not, I have covered them
all in Micro Tips in the past.
They are still up
on this channel.
You can go and watch them.
And while you're
at it, subscribe.